doc/source/whatsnew/v1.3.2.rst, before:

.. _whatsnew_132:

What's new in 1.3.2 (August ??, 2021)
-------------------------------------

These are the changes in pandas 1.3.2. See :ref:`release` for a full changelog
including other versions of pandas.

{{ header }}

.. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------

.. _whatsnew_132.regressions:

Fixed regressions
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
- Performance regression in :meth:`DataFrame.isin` and :meth:`Series.isin` for nullable data types (:issue:`42714`)
- Regression in updating values of :class:`pandas.Series` using boolean index, created by using :meth:`pandas.DataFrame.pop` (:issue:`42530`)
- Regression in :meth:`DataFrame.from_records` with empty records (:issue:`42456`)
- Fixed regression in :meth:`DataFrame.shift` where TypeError occurred when shifting DataFrame created by concatenation of slices and fills with values (:issue:`42719`)
- Regression in :meth:`DataFrame.agg` when the ``func`` argument returned lists and ``axis=1`` (:issue:`42727`)
- Fixed regression where :meth:`pandas.read_csv` raised a ``ValueError`` when parameters ``names`` and ``prefix`` were both set to None (:issue:`42387`)
- Fixed regression in comparisons between :class:`Timestamp` object and ``datetime64`` objects outside the implementation bounds for nanosecond ``datetime64`` (:issue:`42794`)
-

.. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------

.. _whatsnew_132.bug_fixes:

Bug fixes
~~~~~~~~~
-
-

.. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------

.. _whatsnew_132.other:

Other
~~~~~
-
-

.. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------

.. _whatsnew_132.contributors:

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. contributors:: v1.3.1..v1.3.2|HEAD

Commit message:

BUG: Fix read_html bs4/html5lib fallback

doc/source/whatsnew/v1.3.2.rst, after:

.. _whatsnew_132:

What's new in 1.3.2 (August ??, 2021)
-------------------------------------

These are the changes in pandas 1.3.2. See :ref:`release` for a full changelog
including other versions of pandas.

{{ header }}

.. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------

.. _whatsnew_132.regressions:

Fixed regressions
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
- Performance regression in :meth:`DataFrame.isin` and :meth:`Series.isin` for nullable data types (:issue:`42714`)
- Regression in updating values of :class:`pandas.Series` using boolean index, created by using :meth:`pandas.DataFrame.pop` (:issue:`42530`)
- Regression in :meth:`DataFrame.from_records` with empty records (:issue:`42456`)
- Fixed regression in :meth:`DataFrame.shift` where TypeError occurred when shifting DataFrame created by concatenation of slices and fills with values (:issue:`42719`)
- Regression in :meth:`DataFrame.agg` when the ``func`` argument returned lists and ``axis=1`` (:issue:`42727`)
- Fixed regression where :meth:`pandas.read_csv` raised a ``ValueError`` when parameters ``names`` and ``prefix`` were both set to None (:issue:`42387`)
- Fixed regression in comparisons between :class:`Timestamp` object and ``datetime64`` objects outside the implementation bounds for nanosecond ``datetime64`` (:issue:`42794`)
-

.. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------

.. _whatsnew_132.bug_fixes:

Bug fixes
~~~~~~~~~
- Method :meth:`pandas.read_html` now falls back to ``beautifulsoup4`` and ``html5lib`` if ``lxml`` is not installed (:issue:`30281`)
-

.. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------

.. _whatsnew_132.other:

Other
~~~~~
-
-

.. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------

.. _whatsnew_132.contributors:

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. contributors:: v1.3.1..v1.3.2|HEAD
